On the "7. Processional" page, next to the "Yes, with someone" selection, put a "Name of 
Escort" text box. Required if "Yes, with someone" is selected.

On the "7. Processional" page, change  "Ring Bearer or Flower Girl"  to "Ring Bearer or Flower 
Child"

On the "7. Processional" page, at the top of the page, change "Will you include a ring bearer or 
flower girl in your ceremony? " to "Will you include a ring bearer or flower child in your 
ceremony?"

On the "7. Processional" page, change the box "Ring Bearer / Flower Girl Details" to "Ring 
Bearer / Flower Child Details"

On the "7. Processional" page, at the top of the page, make "Will you include a ring bearer or 
flower child in your ceremony?" a "Yes/No" buttons.  If "Yes" is selected the "Ring Bearer / 
Flower Child Details" box and the "Organizer for Children" box are required.  If "No" is selected 
the boxes do not appear.

On the "7. Processional " page, If a selection has been made in each of the categories add a 
checkbox at the bottom "All done (for now)"

On the "7. Processional " page, If one or more of the categories is not filled add a checkbox at 
the bottom "We'll finish this later."

On the "7. Processional " page, the "All done (for now) box or the "We'll finish this later" box is 
required for payment.

On the "7. Processional" page, in the "Honored Guest Escorts" box, change the text removing 
"or No - guests can seat themselves"

On the "7. Processional" page, Under the "Honored Guest Escorts" box add a checkbox for "No - 
Guests can seat themselves."

On the "7. Processional" page, under the "Bride's Side Front Row" box, add a checkbox for 
"N/A"

On the "7. Processional" page, under the "Groom's Side Front Row" box, add a checkbox for 
"N/A"

On the "7. Processional" page, under the "Framed Photos of Honor" box, add a checkbox for 
"N/A" 

On the "7. Processional" page, under the "Special Seating or Mobility Needs" box, add a 
checkbox for "N/A"

On the "7. Processional" page, under the "Special Instructions & Notes " box, add a checkbox for 
"N/A"

On the "7. Processional"  page, If a selection has been made in each of the categories add a 
checkbox at the bottom "All done (for now)"

On the "7. Processional" page, If one or more of the categories is not filled add a checkbox at 
the bottom "We'll finish this later."

On the "7. Processional"  page, the "All done (for now) box or the "We'll finish this later" box is 
required for payment.
